Tri- I mean... Wright.
To err is human, to forgive, divine. Humans aren't machines... They have souls, feelings. They live, they die, they love, they hate... and yes, they even make mistakes.
You should remember that there is no red in my world... these must be... my tears.
We can't see the demons that lurk in the night... That's why humans are weak.
The weak get washed away by the tides of fate; the strong simply drink it up
Godot Blend #102 ... my personal favorite!
I've risen from the depths of Hell... to do battle with you!
Justice is blind, but she's not deaf. Sometimes you have to know when not to talk.
The true measure of a man is in the amount of work he does. That's what I always say.
Always chase a riddle down to the end. That's one of my rules.
A boy only gets one chance in his life to become a man!
Anger is the last refuge of the pathetic. Preparation is the last refuge of the weak.
It's bitter today, too... just like my destiny!
The world is filled with those who have said, "I wish I had never asked that."
Men are like colonies of bacteria. The more heat you apply, the faster they grow.
A bet's only good when your life's the ante.
We are all but travelers on a road of infinite points.
Men that are trapped by the chains of "maybe" ... can never reach their dreams!
The hammer that strikes too fast has no time to aim.
Using the dark, aromatic depths of coffee to conceal the poison... classy lady!
A single drop of milk is all it takes to destroy the pure black magic in the cup!
The world you see keeps turning, and we must turn with it!
Don't let the mysteries of yesterday mystify you today.
Only losers think like that, you've got to change with the times! That's one of my rules.
...The bitterness... Every time I get lied to, I always down a mug of coffee.
There's no point in struggling. You're caught in a snare. The relentless snare of the law! And I'm the one that hauled you in!
It is impossible to predict what the future has in store for any of us. This is precisely why people feel the need to judge the past. And we of the court have been charged with the solemn duty of passing such judgment.
There is only one thing that remains constant in this crazy world... the bitter darkness that lies at the bottom of this mug!
Everyone on the planet is an accomplice to something. It just so happens to be in this case, it's to murder.
If your mug is filled with black and bitter suspicions... The only way to get rid of them is to drink them down quick.
People are like books. We've all got a front and back. You get my drift?
I can also say that darkness loves to play with the human mind.
There are 253 distinct types of bitterness in coffee. But to pick out each one requires total concentration and use of all the senses.
The aroma. A coffee's most reliable accomplice is its deep and profound aroma...
Once you eliminate the impossible... whatever remains must be the truth... no matter how improbable it may seem.
Add the pureness of milk to the perfect, clear darkness of coffee. Stir. That's the state of the witness's mind right now -- a cup of cafe au lait!
So I gave her my last cup. With milk and sugar... to hide the bitterness of the harsh truth.
Hot nights and even hotter coffee... that's what I always say.
...Humans are afraid of the dark. And yet, at the same time, we're fascinated and bewitched by it. Maybe that's why humans drink the darkness that is coffee.
Then one morning, my eyes flew open... from the smell of a doctor's morning coffee.
I'm good 'til the last drop.
Blacker than a moonless night, hotter and more bitter than Hell itself... that is coffee.
The only time a lawyer can cry is when it's all over.
